attitude quotes whatever happens take responsibility tony robbins wisdom

Whatever happens, take responsibility. Tony Robbins

attitude quotes never whine complain try justify yourself robert greene wisdom

Never whine, never complain, never try to justify yourself. Robert Greene

attitude quotes if opportunity doesnt knock build a door milton berle wisdom quotes

If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door. Milton Berle

attitude quotes if you dont like something change it if you cant change it change your attitude maya angelou wisdom quotes

If you don’t like something, change it. If you can’t change it, change your attitude. Maya Angelou

attitude quotes it is good people who make good places anna sewell wisdom quotes

It is good people who make good places. Anna Sewell


attitude quotes we are all in the gutter but some of us are looking at the stars oscar wilde wisdom quotes
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. Oscar Wilde

attitude quotes sooner later those win those who think they can richard back wisdom

Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can. Richard Bach

attitude quotes nurture your mind great thoughts you will never higher think benjamin disraeli wisdom

Nurture your mind with great thoughts, for you will never go any higher than you think. Benjamin Disraeli

attitude quotes weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character albert einstein wisdom quotes

Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character. Albert Einstein

attitude quotes keep your values positive because your values become your destiny mahatma gandhi wisdom quotes

Keep your thoughts positive because your thoughts become your words. Keep your words positive because your words become your behavior. Keep your behavior positive because your behavior becomes your habits. Keep your habits positive because your habits become your values. Keep your values positive because your values become your destiny. Mahatma Gandhi


attitude quotes men attract that which they want they james allen wisdom man winter thinking
Men do not attract that which they want, but that which they are. James Allen

attitude quotes weak make others feel inferior strong equal maxime lagace wisdom people coffee talking woman man

The weak make others feel inferior. The strong make others feel equal. Maxime Lagacé

attitude quotes quick temper will make fool you soon enough bruce lee wisdom man solitude mountain sunset

A quick temper will make a fool of you soon enough. Bruce Lee

attitude quotes what they call you one thing answer something else lucille clifton wisdom people laughing man friends

What they call you is one thing. What you answer to is something else. Lucille Clifton

attitude quotes its not what happens you but how react that matters epictetus wisdom woman city perspective thinking solitude

It’s not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters. Epictetus



A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

Your problem isn’t the problem, it’s your attitude about the problem. Ann Brashares

Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude. Ralph Marston

To put the world right in order, we must first put the nation in order; to put the nation in order, we must first put the family in order; to put the family in order, we must first cultivate our personal life; we must first set our hearts right. Confucius

We lost because we told ourselves we lost. Leo Tolstoy

Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out. John Wooden

Action springs not from thought, but from a readiness for responsibility. Dietrich Bonhoeffer

The meaning of things lies not in the things themselves, but in our attitude towards them. Antoine de Saint-Exupery

You really can change the world if you care enough. Marian Wright Edelman

I don’t like that man. I must get to know him better. Abraham Lincoln Click to tweet

The most effective attitude to adopt is one of supreme acceptance. Robert Greene Click to tweet

I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions. Stephen Covey

A discriminating irreverence is the creator and protector of human liberty. Mark Twain

The most important decision you make is to be in a good mood. Voltaire

What others think of me is none of my business. Unknown (Submitted by the Wisdom Quotes Community)

In the depth of winter I finally learned that there was in me an invincible summer. Albert Camus

When you can’t change the direction of the wind — adjust your sails. H. Jackson Brown Jr

Your living is determined not so much by what life brings to you as by the attitude you bring to life; not so much by what happens to you as by the way your mind looks at what happens. Kahlil Gibran

Two things define you: your patience when you have nothing and your attitude when you have everything. George Bernard Shaw

No one will hit you harder than life itself. It doesn’t matter how hard you hit back. It’s about how much you can take, and keep fighting, how much you can suffer and keep moving forward. That’s how you win. Sylvester Stallone

An optimist is the human personification of spring. Susan J. Bissonette

You cannot have a positive life and a negative mind. Joyce Meyer



Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. Winston Churchill Click to tweet

Attitudes are nothing more than habits of thought. John C. Maxwell

Attitudes are a secret power working twenty-four hours a day, for good or bad. It is of paramount importance that we know how to harness and control this great force. Irving Berlin

Attitude is more important than the past, than education, than money, than circumstances, than what people do or say. It is more important than appearance, giftedness, or skill. W. C. Fields

Attitude is everything, so pick a good one. Wayne Dyer

Attitude is altitude. Nick Vujicic

No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. Eleanor Roosevelt Click to tweet

Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. John C. Maxwell

The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude. Oprah Winfrey

When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us. Helen Keller

A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties. Harry S. Truman

If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception, it is a prevailing attitude. Colin Powell

When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. Henry Ford

If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can’t, you’re right. Henry Ford Click to tweet

I’m a great believer in luck and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it. Thomas Jefferson

Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other one thing. Abraham Lincoln

If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading. Lao Tzu

You must be the change you want to see in the world. Mahatma Gandhi

I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. Jimmy Dean

Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. Thomas A. Edison

There is nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so. William Shakespeare

Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow. Helen Keller

Pessimism never won any battle. Dwight D. Eisenhower

Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude. Zig Ziglar


One-liners, short attitude quotes, thoughts and captions for your bio, social status, self-talk, motto, mantra, signs, posters, wallpapers, backgrounds.

Attitudes are more important than facts. George MacDonald Click to tweet

I will not take “but” for an answer. Langston Hughes

Your aspirations are your possibilities. Samuel Johnson

Attitude will always define who we are in life. Mark A. Brennan

To fly, we have to have resistance. Maya Lin

Preparation + Attitude + Opportunity + Action = Luck. John C. Maxwell

Every wall is a door. Ralph Waldo Emerson

A bad attitude is worse than a bad swing. Payne Stewart

Only you can control your future. Dr. Seuss

Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier. Colin Powell

Every day brings new choices. Martha Beck

Responsibility is the great developer of men. Mary Parker Follett

You become what you think about. Napoleon Hill Click to tweet

If you think you can’t, you’re right. Carol Bartz

Attitude determines the altitude of life. Edwin Louis Cole

Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me. Carol Burnett

I don’t get lucky. I make my own luck. Harvey Specter (Suits)


If you own this story you get to write the ending. Brené Brown Click to tweet

Strength and growth come only through continuous effort and struggle. Napoleon Hill

You cannot dream yourself into a character; you must hammer and forge yourself one. James A. Froude

Take the attitude of a student, never be too big to ask questions, never know too much to learn something new. Og Mandino

The greatest revolution of our generation is the discovery that human beings, by changing the inner attitudes of their minds, can change the outer aspects of their lives. William James

Put yourself in a state of mind where you say to yourself, “Here is an opportunity for me to celebrate like never before, my own power, my own ability to get myself to do whatever is necessary”. Unknown

The quickest way to change your attitude toward pain is to accept the fact that everything that happens to us has been designed for our spiritual growth. M. Scott Peck

And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same. As we are liberated from our fear, our presence automatically liberates others. Marianne Williamson

The world belongs to those who set out to conquer it armed with self-confidence and good humour. Charles Dickens (See also: confidence quotes)

The truth is that our finest moments are most likely to occur when we are feeling deeply uncomfortable, unhappy, or unfulfilled. For it is only in such moments, propelled by our discomfort, that we are likely to step out of our ruts and start searching for different ways or truer answers. M. Scott Peck

Then, without realizing it, you try to improve yourself at the start of each new day; of course, you achieve quite a lot in the course of time. Anyone can do this, it costs nothing and is certainly very helpful. Whoever doesn’t know it must learn and find by experience that a quiet conscience makes one strong. Anne Frank

Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs. Farrah Gray

The price of greatness is responsibility. Winston Churchill Click to tweet

When you’re backed against the wall, break the goddamn thing down. Harvey Specter (Suits)

Bite off more than you can chew, then chew it. Ella Williams

Change your thoughts and you change your world. Norman Vincent Peale

Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises. Demosthenes

I don’t think of all the misery but of the beauty that still remains. Anne Frank



I’ve developed a new philosophy. I only dread one day at a time. Charlie Brown Click to tweet

I am convinced that life is 10% what happens to me and 96% how I react to it. Scipio Africanus

‎Life is a shipwreck, but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats. Voltaire

You’re lucky if you found a person who never gets tired of understanding your nonsense attitude. Unknown

Before you diagnose yourself with depression or low self-esteem, first make sure you are not, in fact, surrounded by assholes. Sigmund Freud (See also: relationship quotes)

Fuck it… That’s really the attitude that keeps a family together, it’s not “we love each other”, it’s just “fuck it, man”. Louis C.K.

Let them hate. Just make sure they spell your name right. Harvey Specter (Suits)

Life has no remote. Get up and change it yourself. Mark A. Cooper

A bad attitude is like a flat tire. You can’t go anywhere until you change it. Unknown



People only see what they are prepared to see. Ralph Waldo Emerson Click to tweet

We don’t see things as they are, we see them as we are. Anais Nin

If you don’t get everything you want, think of the things you don’t get that you don’t want. Oscar Wilde

For everything there is a season, and a time for every matter under heaven: a time to be born, and a time to die; a time to plant, and a time to pluck up what is planted; a time to kill, and a time to heal; a time to break down, and a time to build up; a time to weep, and a time to laugh; a time to mourn, and a time to dance; a time to throw away stones, and a time to gather stones together; a time to embrace, and a time to refrain from embracing; a time to seek, and a time to lose; a time to keep, and a time to throw away; a time to tear, and a time to sew; a time to keep silence, and a time to speak; a time to love, and a time to hate, a time for war, and a time for peace. Ecclesiastes 3:1-8

We who lived in concentration camps can remember the men who walked through the huts comforting others, giving away their last piece of bread. They may have been few in number, but they offer sufficient proof that everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms – to choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one’s own way. Viktor Frankl

We must be as courteous to a man as we are to a picture, which we are willing to give the advantage of a good light. Ralph Waldo Emerson

The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen. Frank Lloyd Wright

Circumstances do not make you what you are, they reveal what you are. John C. Maxwell Click to tweet

Always keep that happy attitude. Pretend that you are holding a beautiful fragrant bouquet. Earl Nightingale

My life is an indivisible whole, and all my attitudes run into one another; and they all have their rise in my insatiable love for mankind. Mahatma Gandhi

Behavior is the mirror in which everyone shows their image. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

The worst thing that can happen to a man who gambles is to win. Charles Spurgeon

We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be. Kurt Vonnegut



People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it. George Bernard Shaw Click to tweet

Eagles come in all shapes and sizes, but you will recognize them chiefly by their attitudes. E. F. Schumacher

He who has so little knowledge of human nature as to seek happiness by changing anything but his own disposition will waste his life in fruitless efforts. Samuel Johnson

Better to be emotionally intelligent than intellectually intelligent. Neil Strauss

Your attitude is more important than your capabilities. Similarly, your decision is more important than your capabilities. Jack Ma

To be upset over what you don’t have is to waste what you do have. Unknown

You can’t always have a good day. But you can always face a bad day with a good attitude. Unknown

Ability is what you’re capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it. Lou Holtz

People of little understanding are most apt to be angry when their sense is called into question. Samuel Richardson

So is cheerfulness, or a good temper, the more it is spent, the more remains. Ralph Waldo Emerson

The ideal attitude is to be physically loose and mentally tight. Arthur Ashe

It isn’t what happens to us that causes us to suffer; it’s what we say to ourselves about what happens. Pema Chodron

Character is the result of two things: mental attitude and the way we spend our time. Elbert Hubbard

Correction does much, but encouragement does more. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

Don’t spend your precious time asking “Why isn’t the world a better place?” It will only be time wasted. The question to ask is “How can I make it better?” To that there is an answer. Leo Buscaglia

Having a positive mental attitude is asking how something can be done rather than saying it can’t be done. Robert Foster Bennett

A happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances, but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes. Hugh Downs

You cannot tailor-make the situations in life but you can tailor-make the attitudes to fit those situations. Zig Ziglar




Be happy in the moment, that’s enough. Each moment is all we need, not more. Mother Teresa Click to tweet

The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances. Martha Washington

The primary cause of unhappiness is never the situation but your thoughts about it. Eckhart Tolle

A loving person lives in a loving world. A hostile person lives in a hostile world. Ken Keyes Jr.

It is good to have an end to journey towards; but it is the journey that matters in the end. Ursula Le Guin

It isn’t what you have or who you are or where you are or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about it. Dale Carnegie

It is very important to generate a good attitude, a good heart, as much as possible. From this, happiness in both the short term and the long term for both yourself and others will come. Dalai Lama

You cannot all abandon your possessions, but at least you can change your attitude about them. All getting separates you from others; all giving unites to others. Francis of Assisi

The remarkable thing is that we really love our neighbor as ourselves: we do unto others as we do unto ourselves. We hate others when we hate ourselves. We are tolerant toward others when we tolerate ourselves. We forgive others when we forgive ourselves. We are prone to sacrifice others when we are ready to sacrifice ourselves. Eric Hoffer

I have found that if you love life, life will love you back. Arthur Rubinstein

The Kingdom of Heaven is not a place, but a state of mind. John Burroughs

The longer I live, the more I realize the impact of attitude on life. Charles R. Swindoll

Good humour is one of the best articles of dress one can wear in society. William Makepeace

If you want light to come into your life, you need to stand where it is shining. Guy Finley

You are not what happened to you, you are what you choose to become. Unknown

Whenever you’re in conflict with someone, there is one factor that can make the difference between damaging your relationship and deepening it. That factor is attitude. William James

When you choose to be pleasant and positive in the way you treat others, you have also chosen, in most cases, how you are going to be treated by others. Zig Ziglar

Your attitude is everything, and it determines how you experience every aspect of your life. Gerald Jampolsky

Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be. Abraham Lincoln

Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact. William James



Choose to be optimistic, it feels better. Dalai Lama Click to tweet

A strong positive mental attitude will create more miracles than any wonder drug. Patricia Neal

Look on every exit as being an entrance somewhere else. Tom Stoppard

Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will. Zig Ziglar

View the events you consider obstacles as perfect opportunities to test your resolve and find your purpose. Wayne Dyer

Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending. Mary Robinson

You can do anything if you have enthusiasm. Henry Ford

Optimism refuses to believe that the road ends without options. Robert H. Schuller

Positive people are able to maintain a broader perspective and see the big picture which helps them identify solutions where as negative people maintain a narrower perspective and tend to focus on problems. Barbara Fredrickson

Do the right thing because it’s the right thing to do, not because you want something in return. Unknown

There is little difference in people, but that little difference makes a big difference. The little difference is attitude. The big difference is whether it is positive or negative. W. Clement Stone

An attitude of positive expectation is the mark of the superior personality. Brian Tracy

Success is not to be pursued; it is to be attracted by the person you become. Jim Rohn Click to tweet

We choose what attitudes we have right now. And it’s a continuing choice. John C. Maxwell

A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts, events and outcomes. It is a catalyst and it sparks extraordinary results. Wade Boggs

If your attitude toward the world is good, you will obtain good results. If your attitude is excellent, excellent will your results. Earl Nightingale

With every adversity there is a seed of an equivalent or greater benefit for those who are motivated with positive mental attitude to become achievers. W. Clement Stone

You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think. Winnie The Pooh

Any time you sincerely want to make a change, the first thing you must do is to raise your standards. Tony Robbins

I’ve never been poor, only broke. Being poor is a frame of mind. Being broke is only a temporary situation. Mike Todd

Your mental attitude attracts to you everything that makes you what you are. Napoleon Hill



Pessimism leads to weakness, optimism to power. William James Click to tweet

The only disability in life is a bad attitude. Scott Hamilton

Nothing is easier than self-deceit. For what each man wishes, that he also believes to be true. Demosthenes

The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same. Carlos Castaneda

Man often becomes what he believes himself to be. If I keep on saying to myself that I cannot do a certain thing, it is possible that I may end by really becoming incapable of doing it. On the contrary, if I have the belief that I can do it, I shall surely acquire the capacity to do it even if I may not have it at the beginning. Mahatma Gandhi

If you keep saying things are going to be bad, you have a good chance of being a prophet. Isaac Bashevis Singer

Life is a daily cleansing. Negativity must be washed away, if you wish to attract positive experiences to your life. Leon Brown

People who retain their childish attitudes will rarely be able to hold on to the success they may achieve through their talent. Robert Greene

Skeptical, cynical attitudes can actually cut us off from so many interesting questions, and from reality itself. Robert Greene

Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you’ll start having positive results. Willie Nelson

Good talent with bad attitude equals bad talent. Bill Walsh

Positive anything is better than negative nothing. Elbert Hubbard

Man is nothing else but what he makes of himself. Jean-Paul Sartre Click to tweet

If you can’t change your fate, change your attitude. Amy Tan

You save yourself or you remain unsaved. Alice Sebold

Man must cease attributing his problems to his environment, and learn again to exercise his will – his personal responsibility. Albert Einstein

Thought is the sculptor who can create the person you want to be. Henry David Thoreau

The remarkable thing is, we have a choice everyday regarding the attitude we will embrace for that day. Charles R. Swindoll

No matter what the situation, remind yourself ” I have a choice”. Deepak Chopra

All you can change is yourself, but sometimes that changes everything! Gary W Goldstein

When you blame others, you give up your power to change. Unknown

Everything changes for the better when you take ownership of your own problems. Robert Ringer

You may not be able to change a situation, but with humor you can change your attitude about it. Allen Klein

They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself. Andy Warhol

Adopting the right attitude can convert a negative stress into a positive one. Hans Selye

Always look at what you have left. Never look at what you have lost. Robert H. Schuller

Man can alter his life by altering his thinking. William James Click to tweet

You will find the whole world will change to you when you change your attitude toward it. Orison Swett Marden

One can choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances. Viktor E. Frankl

We cannot change our past. We cannot change the fact that people act in a certain way. We cannot change the inevitable. The only thing we can do is play on the one string we have, and that is our attitude. Charles R. Swindoll

The most significant change in a person’s life is a change of attitude. Right attitudes produce right actions. William J. Johnston

If you want to change attitudes, start with a change in behavior. Katharine Hepburn

If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change. Wayne Dyer

Time is the coin of life. Only you can determine how it will be spent. Carl Sandburg




Success is 80% attitude and 20% aptitude. Navjot Singh Sidhu Click to tweet

A man of character will make himself worthy of any position he is given. Mahatma Gandhi

If you want to lead on the highest level, be willing to serve on the lowest. John C. Maxwell

People don’t care how much you know until they know how much you care. John C. Maxwell

Suspicion against every kind of authority grew out of this experience, an attitude which has never again left me. Albert Einstein

I long to accomplish a great and noble task, but it is my chief duty to accomplish small tasks as if they were great and noble. Helen Keller

Attitude and personality are as important as experience and ability. Brian Tracy

A healthy attitude is contagious but don’t wait to catch it from others. Be a carrier. Tom Stoppard

The most successful people are those who are good at plan B. James Yorke

There are no menial jobs, only menial attitudes. William Bennett

Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else. J.M. Barrie

Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain but it takes character and self-control to be understanding and forgiving. Dale Carnegie

If you build the guts to do something, anything, then you better save enough to face the consequences. Criss Jami

If you’re not enjoying your work, you should either change your attitude, or change your job. Leo Tolstoy

You can only become truly accomplished at something you love. Don’t make money your goal. Instead pursue the things you love doing and then do them so well that people can’t take their eyes off of you. Maya Angelou

If you will call your troubles experiences, and remember that every experience develops some latent force within you, you will grow vigorous and happy, however adverse your circumstances may seem to be. John Heywood

It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect its successful outcome. William James

Our attitude towards others determines their attitude towards us. Earl Nightingale

Be an independent thinker at all times, and ignore anyone who attempts to define you in a limiting way. Sherry Argov

Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anybody expects of you. Never excuse yourself. Henry Ward Beecher

In all affairs it’s a healthy thing now and then to hang a question mark on the things you have long taken for granted. Bertrand Russell

See also: 5 Attitudes To Get You Ahead In The Workplace

And there are people that will stand in your corner and convince you to stand up for another round no matter what. Pete Wentz

Work is either fun or drudgery. It depends on your attitude. I like fun. Colleen C. Barrett

Be just as enthusiastic about the success of others as you are about your own. Christian D. Larson

Your people are a mirror of your attitude. If you have a poor attitude, you can’t expect your people to be upbeat. John C. Maxwell

We awaken in others the same attitude of mind we hold toward them. Elbert Hubbard

Seek first to understand, then to be understood. Stephen Covey Click to tweet

The way we see the problem is the problem. Stephen Covey



A winner never stops trying. Tom Landry Click to tweet

If they don’t have a winning attitude, I don’t want them. Bear Bryant

Great effort springs naturally from great attitude. Pat Riley

My attitude is never to be satisfied, never enough, never. Duke Ellington

The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential… these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence. Confucius

I think the most important thing of all for any team is a winning attitude. The coaches must have it. The players must have it. The student body must have it. If you have dedicated players who believe in themselves, you don’t need a lot of talent. Bear Bryant

Any fact facing us is not as important as our attitude toward it, for that determines our success or failure. Norman Vincent Peale

The winner’s edge is not in a gifted birth, a high IQ, or in talent. The winner’s edge is all in the attitude, not aptitude. Attitude is the criterion for success. Denis Waitley

What’s the secret to success? It’s no secret. You need a winning attitude, honesty and integrity, and a burning desire to succeed. Dave Thomas

Virtually nothing on earth can stop a person with a positive attitude who has his goals clearly in sight. Denis Waitley

For success, attitude is equally as important as ability. Walter Scott

To succeed, we must first believe that we can. Michael Korda

Winners never quit and quitters never win. Vince Lombardi

Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence. Vince Lombardi

You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win. Zig Ziglar

Don’t live life as a spectator. Always examine life: Espouse new ideas, long for new things, constantly discovering new interests, escaping from boring routines. Engage life with enthusiasm; grasping life aggressively and squeezing from it every drop of excitement, satisfaction, and joy. The key to unleashing life’s potential is attitude. The person who approaches life with a child-like wonder is best prepared to defy the limitations of time, is more alive, more of a participant in life than the person who remains a spectator. Felix Baumgartner

Peak performance begins with your taking complete responsibility for your life and everything that happens to you. Brian Tracy

The next time you feel slightly uncomfortable with the pressure in your life, remember no pressure, no diamonds. Pressure is a part of success. Eric Thomas

Don’t take reset after your first victory because if you fail in second, more lips are waiting to say that your first victory was just luck. A.P.J Abdul Kalam

Achievers have a can-do attitude that sets them apart from mere dreamers. Achievers are sold out to success – no matter the obstacles – and they are willing to put forth the effort and pay the price of success. Jim Rohn

Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal. Thomas Jefferson

Definiteness of purpose with positive mental attitude is the starting point of all worthwhile achievement. Napoleon Hill

The secret is contained in a three-part formula I learned in the gym: self-confidence, a positive mental attitude, and honest hard work. Arnold Schwarzenegger

Who we become is the result of our disciplined actions. Brendon Burchard

Do the act and the attitude follows. Noah Kagan

Champions keep playing until they get it right. Billie Jean King

You have to believe in yourself when no one else does. Serena Williams

Champions aren’t made in the gyms. Champions are made from something they have deep inside them-a desire, a dream, a vision. Muhammad Ali

If you don’t see yourself as a winner, then you cannot perform as a winner. Zig Ziglar



Gratitude is riches. Complaint is poverty. Doris Day Click to tweet

Your smile will give you a positive countenance that will make people feel comfortable around you. Les Brown

The thankful heart will find, in every hour, some heavenly blessings. Henry Ward Beecher

Feeling gratitude and not expressing it is like wrapping a present and not giving it. William Arthur Ward

Train yourself never to put off the word or action for the expression of gratitude. Albert Schweitzer

Appreciation can make a day—even change a life. Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary. Margaret Cousins

Of all the ‘attitudes’ we can acquire, surely the attitude of gratitude is the most important and by far the most life-changing. Zig Ziglar

Choosing to be positive and having a grateful attitude is going to determine how you’re going to live your life. Joel Osteen

Be gentle with yourself, learn to love yourself, to forgive yourself, for only as we have the right attitude toward ourselves can we have the right attitude toward others. Wilferd Peterson

Develop an ‘attitude of gratitude.’ Say thank you to everyone you meet for everything they do for you. Brian Tracy

With everything that has happened to you, you can either feel sorry for yourself or treat what has happened as a gift. Everything is either an opportunity to grow or an obstacle to keep you from growing. You get to choose. Wayne Dyer

I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought; and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder. G.K. Chesterton

When a person doesn’t have gratitude, something is missing in his or her humanity. A person can almost be defined by his or her attitude toward gratitude. Elie Wiesel

When we focus on our gratitude, the tide of disappointment goes out and the tide of love rushes in. Kristin Armstrong

As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them. John F. Kennedy

Gratitude doesn’t change the scenery. It merely washes clean the glass you look through so you can clearly see the colors. Richelle E. Goodrich

Gratitude opens the door to the power, the wisdom, the creativity of the universe. You open the door through gratitude. Deepak Chopra

If we can develop a truly humble attitude, we can change the world. Pope Francis

Gratitude turns what we have into enough. Melody Beattie


Be patient. Relax and trust. Let go. Then, let go some more. Melody Beattie

To hell with circumstances. I create opportunities. Bruce Lee

The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, but in ourselves. William Shakespeare

To be upset over what you don’t have is to waste what you do have. Ken Keyes Jr

Try not to react merely in the moment. Pull back from the situation. Take a wider view. Compose yourself. Epictetus

You must not get hung up on any single frame of mind. Adopt an attitude appropriate to the moment. Robert Greene

There is one thing we can actually control—the mind-set with which we respond to the events around us. Robert Greene

How you carry yourself reflects what you think of yourself. Robert Greene

You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control your attitude toward what happens to you, and in that, you will be mastering change rather than allowing it to master you. Brian Tracy

It is important to expect nothing, to take every experience, including the negative ones, as merely steps on the path, and to proceed. Ram Dass

Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it. George Bernard Shaw

Showing a lack of self-control is in the same vein granting authority to others – perhaps I need someone else to control me. Criss Jami

Self-confidence is an attitude and attitudes are more important than facts. Brian Tracy

Promise yourself to be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind. To talk health, happiness and prosperity to every person you meet. To make all your friends feel that there is some thing in them. Christian D. Larson

When you no longer perceive the world as hostile, there is no more fear, and when there is no more fear, you think, speak and act differently. Eckhart Tolle

Disciplining yourself to do what you know is right and important, although difficult, is the high road to pride, self-esteem and personal satisfaction. Brian Tracy

The greatest day in your life and mine is when we take total responsibility for our attitudes. That’s the day we truly grow up. John C. Maxwell

Your present circumstances don’t determine where you can go they merely determine where you start. Nido Qubein

Do not give your attention to what others do or fail to do; give it to what you do or fail to do. Buddha

Be the light in the dark, be the calm in the storm and be at peace while at war. Michael Dolan

No one will come in to rescue you. You just have to step out somehow, and make your dreams come true. Moffat Machingura

What difference does it make how much you have? What you do not have amounts to much more. Seneca

Take charge of your attitude. Don’t let someone else choose it for you. Dale Carnegie

You cannot change the course of events, but you can change your attitude, and what really matters is the attitude and not the mere event. Sri Nisargadatta Maharaj

If you are distressed by anything external, the pain is not due to the thing itself, but to your estimate of it; and this you have the power to revoke at any moment. Marcus Aurelius

Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens. Epictetus

When a man is prey to his emotions, he is not his own master. Baruch Spinoza

Never wish life were easier, wish that you were better. Jim Rohn


You can often change your circumstances by changing your attitude. Eleanor Roosevelt Click to tweet

You need to hear this loud and clear: No one is coming. It is up to you. Mel Robbins

You can’t control how you feel. But you can always choose how you act. Mel Robbins

The problem was very clear. It was me. I was holding myself back. Mel Robbins

Nobody was my support. You have to support yourself and I think that is the beauty of being a woman. Kangana Ranaut

I cannot pretend to be sorry for things that I am not, and I cannot pretend to be somebody else that I am not. Kangana Ranaut

I need nothing from my companion. No money, no financial security, no emotional support, nothing. All I want is the freedom to be myself. Kangana Ranaut

I am a lot more than my appearance, or my age, or my colour, or my hair. Kangana Ranaut

Be a girl with a mind, a woman with attitude, and a lady with class. Unknown

Real integrity is doing the right thing, knowing that nobody’s going to know whether you did it or not. Oprah Winfrey


Don’t let someone else’s opinion of you become your reality. Les Brown Click to tweet

It doesn’t matter where you are coming from. All that matters is where you are going. Brian Tracy

You have within you right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you. Brian Tracy

If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams. Les Brown

Take time as it comes, the wind as it blows, woman as she is. Alfred de Musset

Life isn’t fair. It never will be. Quit trying to make it fair. You don’t need it to be fair. Go make life unfair to your advantages. Robert T. Kiyosaki

Magic is believing in yourself, if you can do that, you can make anything happen. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

Be proud of who you are. Eminem

If you have enemies, good that means you stood up for something. Eminem