
When you are Downie, eat a brownie.
On what’s yours, or else others will try to.
The more I find myself, the more people I lose.
I like my coffee how I like myself: dark, bitter, and too hot for you.
Don’t be easy to define. Let them wonder about you.
I’m a blur, a speeding bullet you can’t catch.
You don’t need a king to be a queen. ( Captions for Boys )
Turn ya savage up and lose ya feelings.
You can’t afford my Swag Bitch! #selfie
Her attitude is savage but her heart is gold.
50% Savage. 50% Sweetness.
Midnight has its way of making loneliness feel like love.
Let the good times roll!
Go wild for a while.
All we have is NOW.
Rolling with the homies.
We got that Friday feeling.
Rough day, wonderful night.
We’ll be the ones to show them all who’s boss.
Last night was a blur. ( Captions for Boys )
A little party never killed anybody.
Quit trying to fix me, I am not broken.
I’m not special. I’m a limited edition.
For success, Attitude is equally as important as Ability.
I am who I am, your approval is not needed
You can have RESULTS or EXCUSES, not both.
I never lose. Either I win or I learn.
You have to be ODD, to be number ONE.
I don’t need to explain myself because I know I’m right
An attitude is an inward thought that wiggles its way out.
Your attitude may hurt me, but mine can even kill you.
Don’t run after those who try to avoid you..!
There’s always a person that you hated for no reason.
Too young for marriage, too old for games and too smart for players.
Facebook should change single to riding solo.
I’m as single as a dollar and I’m not looking for the change.
Being single is pretty good. It’s a nice sense of irresponsibility.
I celebrated 16 valentines- Alone . . . . . . . And, tomorrow is 17th.
Totally single, totally free, totally happy, totally satisfied.
I don’t talk to everybody because I am not everybody, I am single.
I know I’m lucky that I’m so cute.
If being hot is a Crime ARREST ME!
Who needs self-awareness when I can make you aware of me instead?
I’m really a giant cupcake. Afraid of roller coasters and dry ice
Moonwalks out of an awkward situation.
I will go into survival mode if tickled
Only dead fish go with the flow. ( Captions for Boys )
I’m not sure how many problems I have because math is one of them
I’m here to avoid friends on Facebook.
People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day.
I only rap occasionally
Confidence level: Kanye West.
I’m not glad it’s Friday I’m glad it’s Today. I Love my life 7 days a week.
I looked at my Instagram photos and realized I look beautiful.
On a scale of 1 to 10, I’m an 11
I am 10, on the pH scale, maybe. Cuz I am basic
If you have crazy friends, you have everything.
Friends are God’s way of looking after us.
The language of friendship is not words but meanings.
In the cookie of life, friends are the chocolate chips.
It doesn’t matter who likes us. WE like us.
Some people go to priests, others to poetry, I to my friends.
I would rather die on my feet than life on my knees.
A single rose can be my garden… a single friend, my world.
I don’t try to be awesome, awesome try to be me.
Just the way I carry my swag and I’m humble with it too.
If you obey all the rules, you miss all the fun.
It is better to live one day as a lion, than a thousand days as a lamb.
I am a combo of sweet and spice. ( Captions for Boys )
Sometimes I can’t see myself when I’m with you all.
I will not change for others, I am perfect.
My best friend and I love to make fish faces.
I am not afraid… I was born to do this.
I’m single but if you would like to change that like this status.
I’m not single. . . I’m riding solo and loving it!
Being single sucks, when you know exactly who you want.
Single… anybody wanna change that.
I like being single, I’m always there when I need me.
Error 400: Bio unavailable. ( Captions for Boys )
One person’s #LOL is another’s #WTF.
I am known at the gym by my before picture.
If you don’t mind, it doesn’t matter #LoL.
Love may be blind, but marriage is a real eye-opener @-@.
Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy.
I have to be funny because being hot is not in my dictionary.
Worst two minutes of my life when I tried to be normal.
Insert your bio here.
My bio is stolen. Please help me to find it.
Just look at me. God is too creative.
Passing my time writing a bio.
When nothing seems right….go left!! LOL
A queen is more powerful without a king!
My boyfriend’s name is sleep, and I get some every night.
My words are like a china phone. They have no guarantee!
Dream big and dare to fail.
You have to be smart. The easy days are over.


I may look calm. But in my head, I’ve killed you about 5 times.
I love to walk in the fog because nobody knows I’m smoking.
I talk to myself because I like dealing with a better class of people.
Not all men are fools, Some stay bachelor.
Drink beer saves water. ( Boys Instagram Captions )
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.
Life taught me a lot of lessons but I bunked those classes too!!!
If you obey all the rules, you’ll miss all the fun.
I’m not changed it’s just I grew up and you should try too.
Not always Available..try your Luck…
Champions keep playing until they get it right.
The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me.
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.
What I stand for is what I stand on.
Set your goals high, and don’t stop till you get there.
Champions train, losers complain. ( Boys Instagram Captions )
When I’m good I’m best, when I’m bad I’m worst.
I am not failed, my success is just postponed.
New Captions for Boys

Beware the clever man that makes the wrong look right.
Arguing with a fool proves there are two.
80% of boys have girlfriends… The rest 20% are having a brain.
I refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed person.
Out of my mind…I will be back in five minutes.
It’s cool being me. Please don’t copy my style.
I Don’t Care About Popularity. I Live In Reality.
Stay cool don’t get freeze
Always be smarter than the people who hire you.
My whole life is about winning. I don’t lose often. I almost never lose.
I’m not short, I’m just more down to earth than other people.
Keep talking you’re making me famous.
I’m not lazy, I’m a master of energy conservation.
When nothing goes right..go left.
Looser..is the one who creates a winner so…I don’t mind losing.
Manners matter. Good looks are a bonus. Humor is a must.
I am not handsome or sexy. Of course, it’s not like I am hopeless.
I think it’s cool to be smart, and I think it’s sexy to be smart.
I didn’t lose my mind…I just sold it online
Captions for Boys in English
My attitude my choice. ( Boys Instagram Captions )
God is really creative, I mean..just look at me.
I love being single. It’s almost like being rich.
Some people only hate you because of the way other people love you
I’m too busy working on my own grass to notice if yours is greener.
You left me hanging, so I’ll leave you guessing.
Every day I come in with a positive attitude trying to get better.
Never bend your head. Hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye
I don’t care what you think of me I’m happy that’s all that matters
Some people are such treasures that you really just wanna bury them.
I talk, I smile, I laugh too….. but be careful when I’m silent….
I don’t wait for magical moments I create my own scenario…!
I’m king of the town you can take a look around
A diamond is a chunk of coal that did well under pressure.
Fall seven times. Stand up eight.
Why chase you when I’m the catch.
I’ve always loved the idea of not being what people expect me to be.
Funny Captions for Boys
The more weird you are, the more fun you are.
You were born to fit in. I was born to stand out.
Love me or hate me I’m still gonna shine.
I let my haters be my motivators.
My middle finger salutes your attitude.
I’m only responsible for what I say not for what you understand.
What others think of me is none of my business.
I’m not cranky. I just have a violent reaction to stupid people.
I don’t have time to hate anyone. I either love you, or I don’t care at all
When people ask what I do. I say whatever it takes.
In a room full of art you’d still stare at Me.
I’m strong, I’m beautiful, I am enough.
A naughty thought a day keeps the stress away.
A man in love is incomplete until he is married. Then he’s finished.
Every man is the architect of his own fortune.
I fell in love at first sight. I should have looked twice.
A thinking man can never be brave.
“I am a hot dude with a cool attitude.”
“I’m a handsome man with a charming personality.”
Two-line Captions for Boys
Only my name is enough. ( Boys Instagram Captions )
It’s my life, so keep your nose out of it.
Follow your heart but don’t be stupid.
Fashion is something that comes from within you.
Drink beer saves water.
I don’t have a bad handwriting, I have my own FONT.
You and your rumors have two things in common, you’re both fake and you both get around.
Some men have Hundreds of reasons why they cannot do what they want to when all they need is one reason why they can.
Single is an opportunity to live life on your own terms and not apologize.
I always dream of being a millionaire like my uncle…He’s dreaming too.
Don’t pity me, because I am single. Respect me, because I know my worth.
All I need is my brains, my eyes, and my personality, for better or for worse.
It´s better to be hated for what you are, then to be loved for something you are not.
If you show your attitude to me then I will show you my middle finger.
Don’t let someone dim your light, simply because it’s shining in their eyes
“How do you know what it’s like to be stupid if you’ve never been smart?”
Just Because I do not have A Girlfriend, does not mean I am Alone, I Have a Food and Internet.
Be inspired but don’t copy. I don’t like to take the right decision, I take decisions and make them right.
“I’m quite obviously not the world’s most handsome man – I’m the second world’s most handsome man!”
New Boys Captions for Instagram
Think like a man of action, act like a man of thought.”Yes, I’m smiling. But you’re not the reason anymore.
Kill them with success and bury them with a smile.
There can be no positive result through a negative attitude. Think positive. Live positive. ( Boys Instagram Captions )
Don’t waste your time with explanations: people only hear what they want to hear.
Morality is simply the attitude we adopt towards people we personally dislike.
Like me for who I am and not for who you want me to be. Take it or leave it. That simple.
I have a new theory in life..what other people think of me is truly none of my business!
Attitude is not what you learn from school, it is part of your nature from within.
Girls express their feelings via tears. Boys express their feelings via Beers.
I am W.E.I.R.D Wonderful Exciting Interesting Real Different.
The only people in the world that cry about being single are those in high school.
I am not single, nor am I taken. I am in the waiting period: patiently waiting for something real to come along.
Stop waiting for Prince Charming. Get up and find him. The poor idiot may be stuck in a tree or something.
I was tired of wishing that I was single, so I just jumped in and realized I am much happier being alone.
There isn’t a day that goes by that I don’t cry a few tears of joy for being single, rather than in a bad relationship.
Being single takes a lot of courage to understand, as you’re completely alone in life yet allow yourself to love every second of it.
It will take a very special someone to get me to change my relationship status again.
I was single – then I was married. And I found out that I am much happier being alone.
I think being in an unfaithful relationship is much worse than being single.
Captions for Boys Group
If there is one thing that you can learn from a bad relationship, it’s that being single isn’t the worst thing in the world.
If you spend more time being sad and crying than you do being happy, it’s time to break off the relationship and be single for a while.
In a relationship, honesty and trust must exist. If you can’t afford to be honest, stay single. ( Boys Instagram Captions )
You have to learn how to be happy with being single if you’re ever going to make it in a relationship.
Don’t you like me? Cool, I don’t wake up every day to impress you.
Silence is the best answer to all questions and Smile is the best reaction in all situations. Unfortunately, both never help in VIVA & INTERVIEW.
I am not weird, I just fall outside your exceptionally narrow view of the world.
That awkward moment when you change your Facebook status to ‘single’ and your EX likes it.
I don’t give a damn what people say about me. I like me the way I am, and who cares what other people say?
If you are going to speak bad things about me on my back, come to me. I’ll tell you more.
I spend a lot of time holding the refrigerator door open, looking for answers. Also food.
If you wish to know who are your real friends…. Screw them up and just wait to see who all are still with you!!!
S.I.N.G.L.E = Strong, Independent, Noticeable, Generous, Loyal and Enlightened.
Everybody has a boyfriend or a girlfriend and I’m just like I Love Food.
Mama said life is like a box of chocolates, you never know what you’re gonna get
You can follow me if you feel like it. You can also put peanut butter in your but#hole if you feel like it.
Absolutely awkward, proudest of nerd & geek, decreaser of world sucking
I absolutely hate Instagram and anything else having to do with hashtags. ( Boys Instagram Captions )
They never let me live in peace as they don’t like me being boring… Thanks for bringing colors to my life each and every day.
True friends never let their friends do stupid things alone. That’s what makes us one complete gang.
When the best of the friends meet, they create the most beautiful memories together!
If I am talking, they want to shut me up and if I am not talking, they are all tensed… Love you my darlings.
Friends make you smile — best friends make you giggle, till you pee your pants.
They are always there when I am rejected and dejected… Sometimes I wonder are they the reason for my failure …lol…. Kill me not!!
They never leave me lonely….. They disturb me all the time. They are my funny friends!!!
This is my gang….. We don’t judge each other but we judge other people when we are together…. So beware of this gang.
We have the magic to entertain each one of you… With our funny jokes and pose.
Had you guys not been crazy, I am sure we would have never been friends… Cheers to our stupidities and funny moments!!!
They never give me a chance to invite them as they end up inviting themselves….. No matter what, you all are always welcome my dearest friends!!
I hope you liked our “Instagram Captions For Boys” article and You can also visit our collection of the “Instagram Captions” and “Best friend Instagram captions” Please share your valuable feedback in the comment section and don’t forget to share with your friends.

